the tenth date of the first division a of c last Wednesday on his court
the leader is a team of Blanc and Verdejo and Zionist with this training received
argentina barrier the archer the background castle goes and belts hamponil gásperi
fontela parentini of the marquee and lara canuto alexis arruga bizirik apa el
team and then sergio rondina the dashing point of the first c that
came leonardo this formula great streak
of many matches almost a local championship without Argentine afternoon
b arrived toned after the previous triumph
before him because he had the wine training penultimate meeting andrada
luciana of the archer the background and sergio junco wants and I keep doing today here
the rampla know the expelled
kane santini to roberto gonzález and lake nicked and puma juárez go to eleven
chosen by marcelo vaquero
counting on arbitration
nelsinho ramiro lopez
so who the street because the only one because if it is not like that
and Alberto took them
a first time where they will see very few plays exclusively 2 one per
each team in a tight first time of Argentine
He told the team what each leading team
the panorama
Well, it was defensive but it also had a good job from the
frills
Argentina that physically resisted are on the list with July 3 in
last January
Juarez who for that hand in hand with the goalkeeper
and topped the government body
synthesis of the situation the team guardian
80 schools
the only arrival to the first and the only one of that first time to
Argentinian
barely started the game nor bcra time stop ball came
hikers
with this auction sworn bank forward
may the elections win the Argentine work during its 28 points
because he almost did not worry
way he had the ball in the first half but everything fell apart but
Argentinian
the start of the second period
because in 15 minutes a blast practically falling it settled it with
this dirty play eight rebounds in the area and the auction something the aeronautics
I was not expecting
there's a lot of evidence that sortu is not the difference
the desiccation jamaica and I wanted to pluck people
previous jose antonio
then he had done with bibs before
we have been very well exhausted by the trip the very heavy pitch aguilar
he handled the threads
arrived a minute later
rose has given a lot of freedom to citizens has added
the organization al qaeda with the 2 to 0
by luck of saavedra
despite not knowing anything about him
the announcement of the arrival of the second training of his team in the first
the team from Lyon
of the first c and only for statistics 15 minutes later
last christmas
union and navarra with crossed right forehead
week
18 matches
the whole championship
Victor as a local
also won 15 a campaign the local champion
I could visitor it loosened a bit equally demanded the foreign cashier
exemplariness